Documentation Refactor (#82)
confused-Techie/atom-backend: docs/reference/index.md

> The Pulsar / Atom Backend happily accepts all form of contributions, and contributions are always welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Reference Index

The Pulsar / Atom Backend happily accepts all form of contributions, and contributions are always welcome.
```
Not sure about the wording I've suggested for the title but can't think of something better...

> If you ever have any questions feel free to reach out on GitHub issues, PR's, Discussions, or through the [Pulsar Disccord](https://discord.gg/7aEbB9dGRT) where you can chat with the repos creators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ever have any questions feel free to reach out on GitHub issues, PRs, Discussions, or through the [Pulsar Disccord](https://discord.gg/7aEbB9dGRT) where you can chat with the repo's creators.
```

> But please before contributing ensure to read our [Contribtuing Guide](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before contributing make sure you have read our [Contribtuing Guide](../../CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> Once you've read through the above and understand it's contents you are ready to start diving into the code, with a full guide on how to run your development environment available in [build.md](../build.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've read through the above and understand its contents you are ready to start diving into the code. A full guide on how to run your development environment is available in [build.md](../build.md).
```

> ## Automaticly Generated Docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automatically Generated Docs
```
